giGabiga11_11

Alexander "AJ" Root
Email: ajroot@stanford.edu
Field: Compilers and Graphics, Fred Kjolstad’s lab
Blurb: My name’s AJ, I’m a third year PhD working on new programming languages for graphics! I did undergrad and a masters at MIT, where I was involved with the FLI program.

Aron Ricardo Perez-Lopez
Name: Áron Ricardo Perez-Lopez
Email: arpl@cs.stanford.edu
Field: Systems / formal verifications
Blurb: I'm a third year student in Clark Barrett's lab working on SMT-based model checking. I'm interested in all aspects of hardware and software verification. Apart from the Advisory Council, I am involved in the Graduate Student Council and The Stanford Daily. I love spending time outdoors in all four seasons going walking, hiking, running, biking, skiing, and skating.

Hanna Lachnitt
Email: lachnitt@stanford.edu
Field: Systems, CENTAUR lab, advised by Clark Barrett
Blurb: I was an advisory council chair from 2022-2023 and worked on appreciation awards, the rotation survey, tea times and many other projects! Currently, I am launching a faculty allies program for PhD students to connect students who need advice to faculty volunteers. In my free time I enjoy hiking, crafts such as crocheting and knitting and playing board games.

Liza Pertseva
Email: pertseva@stanford.edu
Field: Systems
Blurb: Hi! I am a second year C.S Ph.D in systems advised by Professor Clark Barrett and am part of the Stanford Centaur Lab. I am interested in formal verification, automated reasoning and programming languages! I also love hiking and sailing. Please feel free to reach out with any questions about research or questions about Stanford (rotations, classes etc).

Michal Gerasimiuk
Michał Gerasimiuk
Email: gerasimiuk@stanford.edu
Field: Computational Biology
Blurb: I'm a second year Ph.D. student interested in brain–computer interfaces, systems neuroscience, and broadly the intersection of computing and biotechnology. I'm comes from Białystok, Poland, and got my B.S. in computer science at Yale. Feel free to reach out to him if you’d like to talk about international student experiences or interdisciplinary work outside our department

Nikil Selvam
Email: nikilrs@stanford.edu
Field: Probabilistic Modeling, Trustworthy AI
Blurb: Hi, I’m Nikil! I’m a second year PhD student here on the AI track. Happy to chat about anything CS@Stanford or life in general!

Zhiqiang Xie
Email: xiezhq@stanford.edu
Field: HCI
Blurb: Hi, I'm a third year PhD student in HCI, happy to chat!
